Removing Obstacles in the Life of the Ḍākinī
Prayer for the Long Life of Khandro Tsering Chödrön
by Jamyang Khyentse Chökyi Lodrö

om ah hung benza guru pema siddhi hung
oṃ āh hūṃ vajra guru padma siddhi hūṃ

lama kündü pejung yabyum dang
Embodiment of all gurus, Padmasambhava and Yeshe Tsogyal,
yidam yong dü drubpa kagyé lha
Assembly of all yidams, the eight Kagyé deities,
khandro kündü dorjé pakmo sok
Embodiment of all the ḍākinīs, Vajravārāhī—
tsa sum rabjam denpé nütu chung
We invoke the power of truth of the all-pervading Three Roots!

tsé lam sangwé drok chok dorjé tsö
Through your blessing, may all obstacles for the life of the supreme secret consort of long
life, the Vajra Ocean,1
jinlab ayuh dharma dipam gyi
Tsering Chödrön, Āyu Dharma Dīpaṃ (Long Life, Lamp of the Dharma),
kutsé barché chö kyi ying su drol
Be liberated into the dharmadhātu,
jepur bötong sünma tamché dok
And all danger, harm and the summons of the ḍākinīs be averted!

mingyur dorjé sok gi kawa ten
May the immutable vajra pillar of her life-force remain firm!
chudruk ga shyi langtso rabgyé shing
For her, may youthfulness, the four joys, and all positive splendour grow ever more, and
ewam zungjuk chakgya chenpor dom
Sealed by Evaṃ, the indivisible union of Mahāmudrā,
pomé takpa dampé tashi shok
May all be auspicious, to attain the everlasting non-transference!

May this prayer—written by Tabchok Pawo Yeshe Dorje (Jamyang Khyentse Chökyi Lodrö) at the request
of the devoted Parkö Chöpel, whose motivation is as pure as finest gold—be blessed
by the Lotus-born Guru and his consort so that it becomes the cause for averting all dangers
to the life of this ḍākinī, and she may live long into the future. Sarva maṅgalaṃ.

| Rigpa Translations, revised and updated by Adam Pearcey with the generous support of the Khyentse
Foundation and Terton Sogyal Trust.

Source: 'Jam dbyangs chos kyi blo gros. "d+hA ki'i sku tshe'i 'phrang bzlog" in ’Jam dbyangs
chos kyi blo gros kyi gsung ’bum. 12 vols. Bir: Khyentse Labrang, 2012. W1KG12986 Vol. 3:
497

Version: 1.2-20210625
↑ Vajra Ocean (rdo rje mtsho) is a reference to Khandro’s previous incarnation Shelkar Dorje
Tso, who was one of Padmasambhava’s consorts.