Prayer for the Long Life of Jamyang Khyentse Chökyi Lodrö and Khandro Tsering Chödrön
by Jamyang Khyentse Chökyi Lodrö

namo guru
Namo guru!
chimé drubpé lobpön bimala
Supreme embodiment of the oceanic activity of the secret body, speech and mind
ngö nangö sal trulpé dorjé yi
Of Ösal Trulpé Dorje,1 who was the actual manifestation
sang sum trinlé gyatsö rang zuk chok
Of Vimalamitra, the master who attained immortality—
jamyang chökyi lodrö shyabten sol
Jamyang Chökyi Lodrö, may your life remain secure!

tsé lam sangwé drok chok dorjé tsö
Manifestation of Dorje Tso,2 the supreme companion
namrol tsering chö kyi drolma yi
On the secret path of longevity, Tsering Chökyi Drönma,3
sang sum jepur mitün yul lé gyal
May your three secrets reign victorious over danger, harm and adversity,
chimé drubpé langtso gyé gyur chik
And may the youthfulness of immortality blossom!

detar soltab denpé nütu yi
Through the power and strength of praying in this way,
rigdzin lamé kyé kün jesu zung
May I be accepted by the vidyādhara guru in all my lives to come,
tönkhor tsombu chik tu tsokpa dang
May teacher and students come together in a single gathering
ten dror pendé getsen gyepar shok
And signs of benefit and vitality proliferate among the teachings and beings!

I spoke these words myself in Yamalung to fulfil the wishes of Muksang Choktrul Rinpoche, the
latest rebirth of Langdro.4

| Translated by Adam Pearcey with the generous support of the Khyentse Foundation and Tertön
Sogyal Trust, 2021.

Source: 'Jam dbyangs chos kyi blo gros. “'jam dbyangs chos kyi blo gros kyi zhabs brtan gsol
'debs“ in ’Jam dbyangs chos kyi blo gros kyi gsung ’bum. 12 vols. Bir: Khyentse Labrang,
2012. W1KG12986 Vol. 3: 549

Version: 1.0-20210608
↑ i.e. Jamyang Khyentse Wangpo (1820–1892).↑ Shelkar Dorje Tso was a consort and disciple of
Guru Rinpoche, who attained realization and miraculous abilities, such as the power to fly
through the sky.↑ The Tibetan original reads Drolma (sgrol ma) but has been amended here
to Drönma (sgron ma).↑ Muksang Pema Kunzang Rangdrol (1916–1984).